[Applause]
[Music]
it's a great pleasure to welcome you to
us
this is the first time since the war
that Lenin gods famous kill off company
I've been seen in a West did you dance
tonight if I had danced you would
remember thank you
is there any chance we could all have
dinner tonight there's mathletes
[Music]
we told not to speak to foreigners not
to go out with them not to eat with them
don't you frighten miss Chen Yu ru do
you think you will one day go back to
Russia I feel I will never return to my
country mr. Hamilton eat at the MU but
coach of Sega's console user even booths
which is absurd are Sania Mirza watching
there was opposition people against me
the dream of a world that isn't this one
sashiman amidst a terrible meal
everyone must have a purpose in life I
have to show the world I have the best
whatever you do don't leave me if you
leave me I am finished
my name is Rudolph Maria I want
political asylum No
Yahoo to corrosion but Ridgewood but the
campaign
I want to be free
[Music]
you